Hey, good morning, family. I was in prayer
like I normally do, and He said, "I want
you to teach them how to get strong; I
want you to teach them how to find their
own food."There are hard days coming, and
I need you all to understand that we're
in a time like never before. This is a
time that is very serious. We are in the
last of the last seconds before Jesus
Christ comes back. Yes, there are things
that still need to take place. There is a
great revival that will take
place—a
great harvest of souls—but we've got to
start standing. You need to learn how
to stand on the Word, your
Covenant, and the blood. Go over
Ephesians over and over in the
book of Acts and Romans, reading
them
over and over again so you understand
who you are in Christ. I'm just trying to
tell you—a lot of people say
you're trying to scare us,
but
no, I'm trying to prepare you.
I'm trying to mentally prepare you
because the more you hear it, the more
you're going to become ready for it.
More of these churches are
preaching compromise; they're not
teaching you what's going to come and
what's about to happen. A lot of them are
just teaching you a little bitty thing
just to get you to give your offerings
and your tithes and whatever
they can get out of you for those
thirty
minutes. They teach you a little
watered-down,
milky word, and then they send you
on your way because they don't want to
ruffle feathers.
They don't want to cause the big main
givers to stop coming to church because
they're the bread of the
church. They come in there and
you all bless and sow
and
give to these people, but they're not
teaching you how to stand by faith and
how to live by faith and how to combat
what's about to happen. There are some
really good churches out there, and as
long as they're preaching and teaching
you how to stand and live by faith and
how to combat
what's coming in the days ahead, then
you're good. But if you're getting
a watered-down word and you're not
hearing the
truth, run! Run! You've got to know
this stuff. This is
part of what the Lord has told me for
today: a good percentage of you do not know
how to speak in tongues
or
understand the baptism of the Holy
Spirit at all, and it is very important.
You all ask me all the time, "How do you
see the things you see? How do you go
where you go in the spirit?"It is not by
praying in English. I get there by
praying in tongues—praying in the Holy
Ghost—and
I do this all the time. I
practice praying in the spirit. I would
say—and
I'm not going to
exaggerate—probably
80% of my day, in some way, I'm
praying in the spirit under my
breath: driving down the road, doing
yard work, whatever. I've just practiced.
It's like lifting weights. I've just
learned how to practice speaking in
tongues and doing it all the time.
Whether I get
distracted with something
or
I'm walking down the hall,
I'll end up just starting
to pray
in tongues or singing
in
the
spirit.
A lot of people on here go,
"Well, you can't pray in tongues
unless you have an
interpreter."You're
wrong, and I'm going to prove it today.
I'm going to show you the scriptures to
tell you how wrong you are. I pray in
tongues all the time, and you need to
know
this. Just like we have angelic
presences
that watch over us, there is a demonic
presence that is assigned like a
familiar spirit to
watch you. When you have that
demonic spirit that tries to follow you
around, it tries to watch and hear what
you're going to be saying because
your
life and death is in the
power of the tongue. What you say out of
your mouth yesterday is what you're
living today. It's a process. You
say and you sow with your mouth and
you're reaping the harvest the next
day. You have got to learn that your
tongue is powerful.
The enemy listens to your prayers
and
tries to see where you're weak
that day. He watches and he listens
because he can go back and report, "Well,
she's having a problem with depression
because she's praying about depression
today,"or
"She's having a problem with
anxiety,"or
her husband and they're fighting, and I
hear what she's saying in her tongue and
how she's complaining all the time, so we
just got to keep putting
pressure."They
go back and they
strategize: "How do I put pressure in that
area to keep hitting her because we know
what we're doing is
working?"You
start
saying all this stuff out of your mouth
and you're praying, "Oh God, I'm
having a hard time today, God please help
me. Oh, Johnny's out doing drugs
again."You're
interceding. Just like
how it was in
army times—you know, you would send a
pigeon with
a
message,
a secret code
of what was going on in the battle.
Then they brought cryptographers in,
and
it was a secret message that only
the really genius people could
decipher
because they didn't want the enemy to
get the battle plans.
When
you get in the spirit and you're praying
in tongues, the enemy does not know what
you're praying, so he's confused.
He doesn't want you praying in the
spirit; that's why it's been hit so hard
in the body of Christ. Satan has come
against praying in tongues more than any
other gift.
We hear about prophecy
and
all these other things,
and the church has embraced it.
But if you start talking about praying
in tongues, the church says it's of the devil.
I haven't heard anybody in a bar smoking
weed or drinking or going
to
strip clubs praying in
tongues.
They're not doing that because if it was
of the devil, the devil's crowd would be
doing it. They would be out drinking
whiskey and praying in tongues. The
devil wants you to be good at sin.
Have you ever
been in an R-rated movie and
had
somebody cussing and acting stupid
while
praying in tongues? Sin is sin, folks, and
the devil's a master at keeping people in
sin. Everyone
says
praying in tongues is of the devil, but then why
is the devil's crowd not doing it?
Let the elevator go to the top,
folks.
It's a gift, and the devil
has
deceived the church, trying to
tell them that it's of the devil
so you won't want to do it.
He knows how
effective the prayer is and how you can
get in the spirit and whip his butt.
People
push it
back and go, "Well, we don't want this
in our church because
it's of the
devil."All
you're
doing is falling
for
his evil deceit. Speaking in tongues is a
tool. When you have the ability
to give hidden messages to
the Lord by speaking in tongues—when the
spirit prays through you and causes
intercession—you're
able to pray the mysteries and you're
hitting the target right on.
You're not praying out of the flesh; your
spirit bypasses your brain.
You're not praying all the
drama of the day:
"Well, my boss did me wrong,"or "I'm fighting
with my
wife."The
devil
is
over there writing it all
down.
Instead,
you get in
the spirit and start activating
your spirit, and it bypasses your brain.
The
more you practice, the more you start
flowing in the Holy Ghost. He's able to
pray through you and you
start singing songs in the spirit, just
like the Apostle
Paul and Silas
in
the prison. The Bible says in
Acts that they started singing songs in
the spirit, and the power
of God filled the jail cell and they
were set free. There was a great, mighty
earthquake. You need to know
the same power that was in
that jail cell is inside of you.
I'm telling you, God has a
plan for your life and a plan to
set you free. The only way you're
going to get there in these last days is
by praying in the spirit. I pray in
the spirit and intercede in the
spirit; this stuff happens all the
time. I'll be praying in the spirit
about circumstances concerning my wife
or my kids.
barely
seldom do I ever pray in English.
I do if I'm in
front of other people because I
want them to join in with me, but 99% of
the time... 90%
of my day is praying in tongues.
I'm going to give you a scripture;
this is 1 Corinthians 14:2: 'For he that
speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh
not unto men, but unto God; for no man
understands him; howbeit in the spirit
he speaketh mysteries.'Here is another
scripture I want to give you, Jude
1:20:
'But ye, beloved, building up yourself on
your most holy faith, praying in the Holy
Ghost.'So
the Holy Spirit is making
intercession for you whenever you are
praying and yielding yourself over to
the Holy Spirit. He is praying through
you and making intercession through you.
For
we know not what we should pray for
as we ought, but the Spirit itself maketh
intercession for us with groanings which
cannot be uttered. It comes out
because,
like I said, when you're praying in
your intellect and
your natural mind, and you're praying
all the things of your flesh,
and you're asking God, 'Well, I
need this and that,'you don't even know
what you really need. You don't even know
how to get the outcome in the natural
for what you're going through.
Your marriage could be in
trouble, or your kids could be in trouble,
but you're praying only what your
intellect knows. Instead of shooting
blindly at a target,
you're hitting the target on
the bullseye when you're praying in
tongues. You might think, 'I
need this, I need that,'but the Spirit
knows more than you. Of course, the Holy
Ghost knows more than you.
So He is praying through you
in tongues to move the circumstances
toward
what you need with a perfect prayer, and
it's coming out of
your spirit.
A lot of people say, 'How
do I
receive the baptism of the Holy
Spirit?'Just
like Peter stepping out on the
water—he
was the only man we
know of who walked on the water other
than
Christ—he
had to do it by faith. He
had to step out and use his legs to step
out of the boat and walk on the water.
You cannot stand there like a
puppet and expect the Spirit of the Lord
to move through you and move your tongue.
You can't be like a wooden doll;
you've got to do it by faith.
You've got to start speaking out of your
mouth. It may sound crazy to you, but
as
you start speaking,
the Holy Ghost will start taking over
your tongue and it'll start flowing
through you. The more you
yield to the Holy Spirit—saying, 'I
yield to you, Holy Spirit; pray through me
today'—and
you start praying that gift out of you
and
interceding,
He will start taking over
and
you'll just start flowing.
I'm telling you,
this is how I see mountains moved and how I
walk in the Spirit,
seeing the supernatural.
If
you want
to start walking in the things of the
Spirit, you have to start
praying in the Holy Ghost concerning
your circumstances every single day. Do
you think that Paul and Silas
were
singing in the spirit by singing 'Amazing
Grace, how sweet the sound that saved a
wretch
like me'? No, I believe they were
singing in
tongues.
They got over in the
Spirit, and praying in tongues
brought
forth a Holy Ghost fire in that
jail cell, and the walls
began
to shake and the power of God set
them free. What I'm trying to say to you
is that you've got to tap into a higher
source. You've got to tap into
the Holy Ghost in these last days if you
want to see these miracles and the last
outpouring. For the greater works that we will
do, you've got to tap into the
greater power,
which
is the Holy Ghost, and He dwells on the
inside of you. You've
got to pray in tongues and
seek His face. That's how I do it.
I was just asking, 'How do
I take these people to another
level?'Out
of my own ignorance, I
thought a lot of you probably
knew
how to pray in tongues, and the Lord
revealed to me that you do not. So I'm
going to put a link in the description right
now for 'Why Tongues.'There is a lot more
education on this than what I just gave
you; it is a little
booklet
by Kenneth
Hagin
Ministries. This
little pamphlet will help you out a lot.
I
pray right now in the name
of Jesus that everybody watching who
desires to be baptized in the Holy
Ghost—Holy
Spirit, move on them right now.
I ask You to fill them from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet with
the power of the Holy Spirit.
Now you just
start yielding and praying
with me.
You've
got to move your
mouth and do it by faith. He's not
going to take your tongue
over; you've got to do
it. It may sound goofy to your ears, but
it comes up out of your spirit.
He's going to take over your tongue
right now as you yield.
Oh Father, we pray a perfect prayer to
You today that the enemy does not
understand.
He does not have a
clue because he's blinded.
He's a flesh devil,
and he's mad
because
he doesn't hear what we're praying.
We're praying what the Holy Ghost
tells us to pray. So, Father, we yield
ourselves
to the Holy
Spirit right now. Pray through me, Holy
Spirit; use me. Oh Father,
anoint me to do
something great in these last days.
I
thank
You,
Father,
for Your glory and what You're
going to do in these people's lives today.
Just like the old
saint,
William Seymour,
the African-American preacher at
the Azusa
Street Revival.
He said, 'Dip my heart in the kerosene of
Thy Spirit that I may burn for
You.'Set
my heart ablaze, Lord.
You've got to be
desperate
and
hungry and let
the Holy Ghost move through you. How
badly
do you want Him in
your
life? There is a level He wants to
take you to through prayer.
You've got to
come out of your
intellect and
yield
to Him.
The only way you're ever going to
tap into the greater
manifestations of the Spirit of God is
by the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
Without
that,
it's just religion. Yes,
He hears all our prayers and He
loves you, but I'm telling you, you want
to be able to bypass the devil
because those familiar
spirits are assigned to listen to
you. Let's go up
higher today. Jesus has a plan for your
life, and He wants
you to walk in the greater anointing and
lay hands on the sick and see them
recover. There's an impartation
of the Spirit when you lay hands on
somebody and the fire flows through you.
Some
say,
'Well, you've got to have an interpreter.'No, I just showed you in scripture that you don't always have to have an interpreter.
That
is
for
when you are delivering
a message in tongues
in church.
You've
got to do everything in order.
But whenever you
pray as a unit in a
prayer service, there's power in that.
Everybody
brings their piece of the pie
and you pray
as a unit.
You
get all this through prayer,
listening to Him, and developing
your inner spiritual
voice by praying in
tongues and reading your Bible. That's
how I hear Him so well. I
developed
that over
the
years through the Holy Spirit
leading me.
I
hear it in the comment section all the time, 'I
don't hear the
voice
of
the
Lord.'He
said, 'My sheep will hear my voice, and a
stranger's voice they will not
follow.'You
first
have
to
understand
your covenant.
Just like a marriage, what's mine is theirs
and what's yours is mine. When
you're in
covenant with the Lord, everything
in heaven is
yours
and
everything
you have
is His.
You're in a
better lineup because He has
the
cattle on
a thousand hills.
When He asks you to give,
be quick to obey,
because He
wants
to give back to
you: good measure, pressed down, shaken
together, and running over
shall
men give into your
bosom. I'm telling you, you start getting
in line with the Lord,
and He'll start taking care of you.
God is able to do
exceedingly abundantly above all that you
dare ask or think, according to the power
that worketh in you.
You've got to get out of this small
thinking; you're dealing with the
great God, Jehovah.
Let Him be
the captain of your ship.
You
need
to
understand
what the blood did for you.
The anointing oil is
a representation
of the
blood; the
oil
itself
doesn't
scare
the devil,
but
your
faith in applying
the
bloodline
does.
Where the blood is, the devil
cannot cross over.
The blood of Jesus Christ
cleansed you from all unrighteousness
and
heals your body.
By His stripes, you
are
whole.
That's
why you take
communion.
Taking communion daily is the meal
that heals.
It drives out
cancer, diabetes,
and
heart disease.
He became
sin for us, and what He bore in His body,
we need not bear in our own.
Jesus wants to set you free, but
you've got to yield to this
freedom. Remember that your covenant is by the blood
of
the
Lamb
and
by
the word of your testimony.
He gives you
a power
gift called the
Holy Spirit.
You've got to
walk
in
that
power
and
authority in
these last days.
I feel
the Holy Spirit so strong right now.
I want so desperately for you all to
be
free.
It's time to come up. The only
way is
to understand
what Jesus did for you on that
cross. You need to take communion daily and
pray in tongues. Remind Him of what
He did
for you
2,000 years
ago.
The eyes of the Lord run to and
fro throughout the whole earth, looking
for a heart that is perfect toward
Him. Let His eyes
rest on you
today.
Tell Him,
'Lord,
help me
to be that
vessel.'The
only way you're ever
going to be able to do it
is by being filled with the
baptism of the Holy
Ghost.
I hope
this message has helped you today. I
really appreciate all the likes and
shares. I'm humbled by the
kind
comments and emails.
When you've
been
beaten
down
for
so long, and people tell you
that
you'll never preach the gospel, it's nice to have people believe in you. Even whenever
the Lord's in your corner and He's saying, 'Brandon, you can
do
this,'it's
nice
to
have people be kind.
I'm
a work in
progress,
but
I'll share what I've
learned.
We're still standing.
When
all else fails, just stand
there with a smile on your face and
a song in your heart. Jesus loves you,
and we love you. Thank you
for watching and have a
blessed day. Bye-bye